So by now we learned a lot
about the important basics of Redux and how we use it.
Now the more complex our projects become
the more complex it can get to use Redux correctly.
Now the good thing is that in this course
you will of course see many examples also bigger projects
than this one but another good news
is that there is a slightly easier way
of using Redux as well.
Now I wanted to show you the core foundation first
so that you understand how it works
but now I want to dive into an approach
that's a bit easier to set up and maintain.
Before we do that though, let's identify a couple
of potential problems we could be facing here
if our application would continue to grow.
So if we manage more and more state with Redux.
One potential issue can be our action types.
These identifiers, I mentioned it before,
you of course have to avoid typos.
If you dispatch an action, you have to make sure
that you don't mistype the identifier here
otherwise it of course won't be handled by the reducer
or won't be handled correctly.
Now that's not a problem in a small app like this
but in bigger applications with a lot of developers working
on the app and with a lot of different actions
it's super easy to imagine
that you could mess up one of these identifiers.
You could even have clashing identifiers there
so clashing identifier names.
So therefore having some way
of defining those identifiers once
and then reusing them would be nice.
And that is something we can do with JavaScript
and something I will come back to in a second.
Another potential problem is the amount
of data which we manage here.
The more data we have the more different pieces
of state we have, the bigger our state objects get.
And that means that we need to copy a lot of state
when we update the counter we still need to copy
and keep all the other state properties,
and it also means that this reducer function gets longer
and longer and all of a sudden
we might have an unmaintainable big Redux file.
And you might recall that I brought this up
as one potential disadvantage of React Context.
If we put everything into one context provider file.
Now we can end up with the same problem with the Redux
but thankfully there are solutions for that with Redux.
Another potential problem we could be facing
is the state immutability which we have to respect.
I talked about it in the last lecture.
We have to ensure that we always return
a brand new state snapshot
and that we don't accidentally change
the existing state anywhere.
And especially if you have more complex data
with nested objects and arrays it's easy to mess this up
and accidentally change some nested data
even though you didn't want to.
So it would be great if we would have
some help with that as well.
And if we could ensure that we don't accidentally
manipulate nested data or anything like that.
Now for all those problems there are solutions
we could implement on our own.
For example, for ensuring that we have unique identifiers
and we don't miss type we could create constants,
let's say a constant named increments
which stores this identifier,
and we then export this constant
and we check that constants value here and we then import
and use that constant in the counter component
so that here we use the type increment
and we just import increments.
So we import increment from going up store index.
That is something we could do to fix this issue.
And these are approaches which we typically used
in the past with Redux.
There also are solutions for splitting your reducer
into multiple smaller reducers
so that you don't get this large super big file,
and there also our solutions and third-party packages
which allow you to automatically copy state
and ensure that you don't accidentally edit it.
But we actually don't need to dive
into those various solutions anymore.
Instead there is another library called Redux Toolkit.
And you can just Google for Redux Toolkit
to find its official page.
It's actually developed by the same person
or the same team as React Redux and Redux itself
and Redux Toolkit simply as an extra package
which makes working with Redux more convenient and easier.
You don't have to use it, unlike Redux and react Redux
which we installed before, you don't have to install
and use Redux toolkit but if you use it,
certain things will get easier.
And therefore, in the next lecture
we're going to get started with Redux Toolkit.